{
  "summary": "Real-rate shock drives growth bid on falling yields, but independent credit caution and narrow breadth temper Goldilocks — cross-asset diverge, confidence low.",
  "regime_read": "The US macro quad is Goldilocks (Q1) with expanding liquidity and low recession risk, but the system’s deterministic driver is a real-rate shock: falling real yields (evidence: 10y real yield −0.5σ, growth vs value +1σ, gold +0.4σ) supporting duration, gold, and growth. The independent rates_credit tape flags a credit canary — HY OAS tight but widening direction, a leading medium-severity alert that equity gauges haven’t priced. Entry-quality breadth is narrow (only 39% of fresh entries clear the buy-filter despite broad-up trend breadth), consistent with rotation, not broad conviction. BTC is in DISTRIBUTE with high funding and negative momentum, signaling crypto-specific deleveraging. China/HK remain in stagflation/growth-scare with outflow pressure. Overall, the surface is risk-on but bonds/FX diverge — credit caution from an independent tape warns of late-cycle fragility.",
  "conflicts": [
    "Market driver shows real yields falling, yet the rate_inflation_transmission block labels real yields 'restrictive, rising' — likely a timing/duration mismatch (level vs. recent direction), but worth watching for a reversal.",
    "Goldilocks risk-on macro vs. independent rates_credit credit warning (HY widening) — a leading, medium-severity caution not yet confirmed by equity.",
    "BTC’s DISTRIBUTE state, high funding (z=1.34), and negative momentum contradict the risk-on rotation narrative — crypto is not participating in the risk bid.",
    "Forex regime ‘US growth premium’ supports USD, creating a headwind for gold, EM, and duration via correlations, even as the real-rate shock is a tailwind — pay attention to which transmission chain dominates."
  ],
  "rotation_check": "Reality partially tracks the thesis: growth is indeed leading (+1σ vs value) on falling real yields, consistent with the rotation from semis to software/growth. However, ex-US stages are absent — China is stagflation (Q3) and HK is growth-scare with weak-side peg outflow — and crypto is in distribution, not accumulating. Narrow entry-quality breadth suggests leadership is concentrated, not broadening into a full risk-liquidity cascade. The sequence stalls at the growth stage; the thesis’s extension to ex-US and crypto is not confirmed.",
  "transmission": [
    "Real-rate decline compresses long-duration multiples (growth, TLT, gold), but a supportive USD from the US growth premium acts as a brake on gold, copper, EM, and even 10y Treasuries — watch which influence prevails if the dollar rests with real yields.",
    "If HY OAS widening continues, the credit canary could spill into risk appetite, challenging the Goldilocks equity read despite falling real yields — monitor HY OAS vs. MACRO driver invalidation threshold.",
    "BTC’s high funding/z and DISTRIBUTE state elevate the risk of a funding flush; while BTC’s correlation with SPY is low (−0.18), a disorderly unwind could flag risk sentiment turning more broadly, especially with stock-bond hedge broken."
  ],
  "watch_items": [
    "10y real yield: a reversal above ~2.5% and a bear-steepening (NTFS falling) would invalidate the real-rate shock driver and reverse the growth bid.",
    "HY OAS widening acceleration — if credit distress moves from tight to moderate, the leading caution becomes an imminent risk-off signal.",
    "BTC funding flush: a drop in funding_z below 1.0 accompanied by a break below $60k would confirm the distribution and could spill to broader risk if it occurs alongside credit widening.",
    "DXY + 2Y + real yields peaking together, per policy intel, triggers optionality on a dovish/debasement surprise — monitor coordinated peak.",
    "Entry-quality breadth: a take_pct falling below 30% would deepen the narrow-leadership warning; a rise above 50% would confirm broadening conviction."
  ],
  "confidence": "low",
  "theses": [
    {
      "subject": "Long Treasuries",
      "lean": "overweight",
      "conviction": "low",
      "horizon_d": 20,
      "thesis": "Falling real yields and a bull flattener support duration, while an independent credit caution flags late-cycle equity risk; the hawkish Fed is staged, not terminal, and a dovish surprise optionality exists should real yields and DXY peak together.",
      "falsifier_text": "10y real yield rises above 2.5% and the curve bear-steepens (NTFS turns negative), breaking the real-rate-shock driver and signaling that restrictive policy is reinstating tightening pressure."
    }
  ]
}