{
  "summary": "Bitcoin sits in a late-markdown DISTRIBUTE regime with cheap on-chain valuation, bearish momentum, and broken structure, while expanding global M2 is offset by contracting stablecoins and ETF distribution, leaving the risk-reward conflicted.",
  "regime_read": "The composite state is DISTRIBUTE, context froth, with an active override driving allocation to zero and a high_risk risk index (31.3). Momentum is firmly bearish (−0.79), structure broken, and the halving cycle is deep in the markdown phase (55% cyclically, 74% through the cphase projection, with a pivot expected by early October 2026). On-chain valuation is fair: MVRV-Z 0.22 (16.9th percentile) — cheap but not at historically deep value. Leverage is moderate: funding annualised 7.7% (z 1.34), OI-to-market-cap percentile 56.5, leverage stress 40.4, and a mild contango in CME basis (3.6%), suggesting no extreme positioning flush yet. Options show a calm vol regime (DVOL 42.9, 30th percentile) with near-neutral skew and low put/call OI. Flows are weak: ETF flow state is distribution, spot flow state Low, and stablecoin growth is contracting sharply (z −1.74), though the Coinbase premium is slightly positive (0.52) and the SSR oscillator is elevated (1.34). The macro backdrop is mixed — global M2 expanding at 7.4% YoY, US macro in Goldilocks (low risk), VIX low, bonds healthy, and no credit stress — but real 10Y yields are a stiff 2.2% and the stablecoin contraction is a local liquidity headwind. Overall, price continues to distribute even as macro liquidity expands, indicating that internal cycle and technical factors dominate for now.",
  "conflicts": [
    "Cheap MVRV-Z (16.9th percentile) vs broken structure and bearish momentum — valuation argues for accumulation, but price trend suggests sellers remain in control; watch for a momentum reversal to resolve.",
    "Extreme CME COT z-score (2.94, crowded short) vs composite DISTRIBUTE — a heavily short institutional position often precedes a squeeze, but the broader regime's distribution bias warns that squeezes may be sold into.",
    "Global M2 expansion & Goldilocks macro vs contracting stablecoins & ETF distribution — the broad liquidity tide is rising, but the BTC-specific plumbing is still draining; until stablecoin growth turns, on-chain demand may stay suppressed.",
    "Low vol sweet spot (DVOL 30th percentile) and calm credit vs high_risk composite — low vol could compress further before a large move, but the risk model is already bearish, suggesting the move may resolve to the downside or a whipsaw."
  ],
  "rotation_check": "The working liquidity thesis — Bitcoin as a high-beta tail of global liquidity, leading risk assets when M2 expands and gated by leverage/valuation extremes — is only partially tracking. Global M2 is indeed expanding, which historically provides tailwinds, but BTC is behaving as if liquidity is contracting, due to stablecoin outflows and ETF distribution draining on-chain capital. Real yields at 2.2% also act as a headwind inconsistent with a full liquidity-led rally. Valuation is cheap but not at a leverage/funding extreme; yet the risk regime is high, indicating that structural bearishness (markdown cycle, momentum) is overriding the macro liquidity signal. The thesis holds that leverage extremes gate risk-reward — but no extreme is present, yet risk remains elevated, suggesting this is a cycle/structural distribution rather than a positioning unwind. The divergence: macro tailwinds are present but not transmitting into BTC demand, pointing to a regime where internal cycle forces dominate until either stablecoin growth resumes or the cycle pivot triggers."
  ],
  "transmission": [
    "Stablecoin growth recovery (stbl_growth_z) → on-chain buying power → spot premium & ETF inflows follow; the current contraction is the primary local liquidity damper.",
    "Real yield compression (10Y real below ~1.5%) would remove a key discount-rate headwind and align with M2 expansion for a risk-on impulse.",
    "CME COT short covering (cot_z reversal from 2.94) → funding/flush? Historically, extreme COT shorts unwind with sharp rallies, but a failed bounce would reinforce distribution.",
    "Hash ribbon capitulation resolving + MPI low (0.08) → miner stress abating often signals a cycle floor, especially when combined with cheap MVRV.",
    "ETF flow regime shift from distribution to accumulation → spot demand catalyst; watch for consecutive positive days to challenge bearish structure."
  ],
  "watch_items": [
    "Cphase pivot due ~2026-10-05 — if price respects the timing, expect a phase transition attempt; failure would extend markdown.",
    "MVRV-Z dipping below 0 (deep value) — historically a high-conviction accumulation zone, but must coincide with structure repair.",
    "COT z-score unwinding sharply — could ignite a squeeze; if price rallies but structure remains broken, the bounce may be tactical.",
    "Stablecoin growth z-score turning positive (stbl_growth_z) — the single most direct on-chain liquidity signal for a sustainable trend change.",
    "Funding and basis resetting (funding_z below 0, basis compression) — a clean leverage flush would improve risk-reward for a new trend.",
    "DXY breaking below 101 with correlation re-coupling — would add macro conviction to an M2-driven bid."
  ],
  "confidence": "medium"
}