{
  "summary": "BTC remains in a risk-off markdown phase with broken structure and bear momentum despite expanding global M2; cheap valuation clashes with contracting stablecoin liquidity and negative on-chain demand.",
  "regime_read": "Bitcoin is deep in the markdown phase of its halving cycle (cycle_pct 0.55, pivot expected Oct 2026) with bearish momentum and a broken structure. The composite risk regime is RISK-OFF, driving an optimal allocation of zero. Valuation (MVRV-Z 19th percentile, Mayer 0.84) is objectively cheap, but that discount is not attracting buyers: on-chain demand is weak (Coinbase premium -0.67, miner capitulation via hash ribbon, stablecoin supply contracting z -1.42). Leverage is moderate—funding costs 10.4% annual but basis is flat, OI divergence slight—suggesting a market that has not yet fully flushed out longs. Options reflect this ambivalence: low realized vol (DVOL 16th percentile) coexists with a pronounced put skew (RR -6.95%), indicating hedged downside positioning rather than outright panic.\n\nThe macro backdrop sends a conflicting signal. Global M2 is expanding at 7.4% YoY and the global liquidity regime is “expanding”—the exact environment where the working thesis expects Bitcoin to lead. Yet the transmission is blocked: the direct crypto on‑ramp (stablecoins) is contracting, real yields remain elevated at 2.25%, and the US macro Goldilocks environment is not translating into risk appetite for BTC. The cycle position and on‑chain forces are dominating, and until stablecoin growth turns positive or the halving pivot arrives, the cheap valuation is a trap, not an opportunity.",
  "conflicts": [
    "Cheap valuation (MVRV-Z 19th percentile, Mayer 0.84) vs. composite RISK-OFF allocation 0%: the discount is not attracting spot demand yet.",
    "Expanding global M2 (+7.4% YoY) vs. contracting stablecoin supply (z -1.42): macro liquidity is not feeding into crypto‑native liquidity.",
    "Low DVOL (16th percentile) and calm VIX (16.6) vs. negative put skew (RR -6.95%): vol is cheap but market is paying for downside protection, signaling latent hedging demand.",
    "Bearish momentum/structure broken vs. positive impulse signal: a short‑term bullish impulse within a larger downtrend often resolves as a bear‑market bounce trap.",
    "Flat CME basis (3.5%) vs. moderate perp funding (10.4% annual): futures are cheap while perps are expensive, indicating spot‑selling pressure via perpetuals."
  ],
  "rotation_check": "The working thesis—that Bitcoin leads when global liquidity expands—is partially contradicted. Global M2 and net liquidity are expanding, yet BTC is in a risk‑off markdown with on‑chain demand contracting and high real yields. Crypto‑specific liquidity (stablecoins) matters more than the broad M2 signal, and the halving cycle’s markdown phase is overriding the macro impulse. Reality diverges because transmission from global M2 to BTC typically flows through stablecoin issuance and speculative appetite, both of which are contracting. Until that transmission reactivates, the thesis fails.",
  "transmission": [
    "Stablecoin supply growth (stbl_growth_z) → if stbl_growth z turns positive, it could unlock the cheap valuation and align with expanding global M2.",
    "Real yields → a break below 2% on the real‑10y would improve BTC’s discount rate, potentially triggering a re‑rating.",
    "Hash ribbon → the end of miner capitulation often marks a local bottom; watch Puell multiple recovering above 0.8.",
    "Net liquidity acceleration → if net liquidity ROC moves above 1% and is confirmed by stablecoin expansion, the macro tailwind may finally reach BTC.",
    "Leverage reset → a funding rate flush and basis contango widening would signal a capitulation and clean positioning for a new trend."
  ],
  "watch_items": [
    "Bearish structure reclaimed (e.g., reclaiming 200‑day MA) with momentum flipping positive.",
    "Stablecoin growth z‑score turning positive.",
    "Real 10‑year yield falling below 2%.",
    "Hash‑ribbon buy signal (end of miner capitulation).",
    "ETF flows shifting from neutral to sustained positive daily inflows.",
    "DVOL spike with a surge in put/call ratio, marking a capitulation event."
  ],
  "confidence": "medium"
}