{
  "summary": "Macro liquidity is expanding but Bitcoin's internal cycle, positioning, and demand metrics are in distribution/bear mode, creating a high-risk regime where the global tailwind is yet to translate.",
  "regime_read": "The composite state reads DISTRIBUTE with a froth context, and risk regime is high_risk. Momentum is bearish, structure neutral, and the cycle phase is markdown (56% through) with ~80 days to the next pivot. Yet global liquidity is expanding (net liquidity +3.7%, global M2 YoY 7%) and the macro backdrop is a Goldilocks tailwind (macro score 0.25). Valuation remains fair (MVRV-Z 0.34, 20th percentile; Mayer 0.87, below 1), so the market isn't extremely overvalued. However, on-chain demand is low (flow_state low, Coinbase premium meager, stablecoin contracting with z -1.4) and miners are under duress (hash ribbon capitulation, Puell 0.61). The distribution tag and bearish momentum persist despite fair valuations and expanding macro liquidity, indicating a disconnect.",
  "conflicts": [
    "Global liquidity/M2 expanding vs. BTC cycle in markdown and composite distribution state – liquidity tailwind not being priced.",
    "Fair valuation (MVRV-Z low percentile, Mayer below 1) vs. COT speculator extreme (z=2.41) and high-risk regime – cheap price but overextended positioning.",
    "ETF flows neutral vs. stablecoin contraction and low on-chain flow – institutional and on-chain demand diverge.",
    "Bond market healthy with no alarms, while BTC shows internal capitulation (miner, momentum) – macro calm not syncing with crypto stress."
  ],
  "rotation_check": "The working thesis posits that Bitcoin leads risk assets higher when net liquidity/global M2 expand. Here, net liquidity and M2 are expanding, yet BTC is distributing in a markdown phase rather than leading. This suggests the thesis is partially off-track: the liquidity tailwind is present but not transmitting into BTC price action, likely suppressed by crypto-specific headwinds (stablecoin contraction, miner capitulation, crowded speculative longs). If stablecoin growth resumes and COT normalizes, the thesis could reassert; until then, the macro expansion is a background support not a bullish catalyst.",
  "transmission": [
    "Stablecoin growth (stbl_growth_z) turning positive would signal crypto-native liquidity improving, potentially unlocking the global liquidity tailwind.",
    "COT z-score mean-reverting from extreme bullish could flush speculative longs, resetting positioning for a healthier rally if macro remains supportive.",
    "A shift in momentum from bear to bullish with improving efficiency ratio would confirm that the markdown phase exhaustion is near and price can respond to macro.",
    "If net liquidity/M2 expansion continues while the cphase markdown completes (~80 days), the cycle may transition to accumulation, aligning with the thesis."
  ],
  "watch_items": [
    "Stablecoin growth rate (z-score) turning positive as a leading on-chain demand signal.",
    "CME COT positioning (z-score) normalizing from current extreme bullish level.",
    "BTC momentum (efficiency ratio, structure state) shifting from bearish to neutral/bullish.",
    "Hash ribbon exiting capitulation and Puell multiple recovering above 1.0.",
    "Net liquidity/M2 expansion maintaining pace or accelerating.",
    "Options VRP of 3.07 and DVOL at the 5th percentile—a volatility expansion could trigger sharp moves."
  ],
  "confidence": "medium"
}